Some files in this project cannot be commented (such as package.json), so instead I will comment them here.

To begin, we create an empty folder somewhere on our computer.
In that folder, we can shift-rightclick and "Open Powershell Window Here".
From powershell, we can run the 'npm init' command, which will setup our node project.

At each step of the process, npm will prompt us for some information. In some cases, it
will display some text inside parenthesis. This information is a "default value", and pressing
enter will simply autofill the response with that answer. Below is a description of each thing
it will ask you for.

package name - the name of your project
version - the current version number of your project
description - a short blurb about what your project is / what it does
entry point - the "main" file of your project, so if someone else downloads the code they know what to run
test command - the script used for testing your code. Leave this blank for now.
git repository - if your project is created in a git repo, it will autofill. Just a link to your main repo.
keywords - the list of keywords npm will use to search your project if you upload it to the main npm repo.
author - the name of the person(s) working on the project. This should be your name for class work
license - one of many code licenses. For this class, we will use UNLICENSED since our code isn't free to use.

Once you answer these question, it will generate JSON and ask if it is okay. Pressing enter will generate
a package.json file in your project. If you accidentally answered any of the above prompts incorrectly,
you can simply edit the package.json.

You will need to add the "start" script to the "scripts" section in package.json as well. You can do this
manually in your code editor. To run this script, type "npm start" into powershell.

Finally, to install the "underscore" library, you'll need to run "npm install underscore" from powershell.

To run your server, type "npm start" into powershell. Then open your web browser and navigate to localhost:3000.
Localhost is an alias for your computers local IP address, and :3000 tells it to connect to port 3000 (where the
server will be running). You should see "Hey there" displayed in your browser.